Charles Sampson, Ph. D., is a founding faculty member of the Harry S Truman School 
of Public Affairs. He joined the MU faculty in the summer of 1988 initially serving 
as associate dean of the Graduate School and as interim dean from 1996-2000. He 
sought and obtained greater than $15M in grants and contracts from National Science
Foundation and the U.S. Department of Education as means to support the 
matriculation of  under represented groups in graduate and under graduate programs
on the MU campus. 

He was the initial PI for the Missouri Alliance for Graduate Education and the 
Professoriate (MAGEP) and from 1995 to 2001; 
He has served as Principal Investigator and Director of the Louis Stokes Missouri 
Alliance for Minority Participation (LS MoAMP, a project supported by and 
participated in by every public sector baccalaureate degree granting institution 
in Missouri. LS Mo AMP's non-academic partners include the Missouri Departments of 
Higher Education, Elementary and Secondary Education, Conservation and Natural 
Resources.

Dr. Sampson has served as a member of the national council of <u>American Society of
Public Administration (ASPA)</u> and on editorial boards of American Review of 
Public Administration, Public Administration Review, and Journal of Social Policy
and Public Management. His public policy and administration research has been 
published in refereed scholarly journals and book chapters. His current research 
agenda focuses on redistributive public policies with current emphasis on the 
impact of voting rights policy on the emergence of minority-governed municipalities.
Sampson formerly served as chair of  the committee on fiscal affairs for the 
MU Faculty Council and serves as the MU representative to the International 
Consortium on Public Management Policy and Development (ICPMPD) a group of 
institutions, agencies and non-governmental organizations in Africa and the 
United States organized to strengthen and promote public-civil society 
partnerships in the advancement of sustainable development in sub-Saharan Africa.  
